= labelized
A simple Ruby library for labeling things. Similar to and inspired by acts_as_taggable_on but more flexible. Labelized allows you to control every aspect of label items, including
the label to labeled relation. Labels can be organized into label sets. Labelized takes the approach of mixing in functionality with configuration.

== Usage
Passing a term in the singular allows only a single label. Plural terms allow multiple labels.
The optional scope allows for multiple instances of the same tag, isolated by the scope; i.e. different capitalizations
Labelized doesn't assume much about your model space. You mix in the appropriate labelized module and configure a few options. 

== A Simple Example
  
  # Call labelized on a class you want to act as the label
  class Label
    include Labelized::LabelConcern
    
    labelized
  end
  
  # Include the LabelizedConcern and call labelized on a class you want to be label-able 
  class Thing
    include Labelized::LabelizedConcern
    
    labelized
  end
  
  thing = Thing.new
  thing.label 
  thing.kind
  thing.kind = ['this', 'that'] # throws Exeption
  thing.kind = 'this' # OK!
  
  thing.kind # 'this'
  thing.kind_list # 'this'  
  
  thing.keywords
  thing.keywords = ['this', 'that']
  thing.keywords = 'this, that'
  thing.keywords # 'this, that'
  thing.keyword_list # ['this', 'that']
  
  thing.tracks

== Contributing to labelized

* Check out the latest master to make sure the feature hasn't been implemented or the bug hasn't been fixed yet
* Check out the issue tracker to make sure someone already hasn't requested it and/or contributed it
* Fork the project
* Start a feature/bugfix branch
* Commit and push until you are happy with your contribution
* Make sure to add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a future version unintentionally.
* Please try not to mess with the Rakefile, version, or history. If you want to have your own version, or is otherwise necessary, that is fine, but please isolate to its own commit so I can cherry-pick around it.

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2011 Peter T. Brown. See LICENSE.txt for further details.

